I want to refine the Pup Box subscription UX on /marketplace → Pup Box tab.
Right now the inline toggle (Subscribe / One-Time) exists, but:

The selected state is hard to distinguish.

The “Select Plan” button doesn’t clearly reflect the toggle, and it still behaves like a Stripe checkout trigger.

Goal

Make the toggle visually obvious which side is selected.

Change the button from “immediate checkout” to “Add to Cart”, using the same cart flow as the Store tab.

1. Toggle visual update

In client/src/components/subscriptions/PupBoxSubscription.tsx (or wherever the Pup Box cards & toggle are defined):

Keep the two options: Subscribe and One-Time.

Update the styles so the selected state is very clear:

Selected segment:

Background: primary blue (the same royal blue you’re using elsewhere).

Text: white.

Slight shadow (e.g. shadow-md) and maybe a tiny scale-up on hover.

Unselected segment:

Background: white.

Text: primary blue.

Border: border border-primary/20 or equivalent.

Example class pattern (feel free to adapt to how the component is built):

const isSelected = selectedBillingType === 'subscription'; // or 'one-time'

<button
  className={clsx(
    "px-4 py-2 text-sm rounded-full transition-all duration-150",
    isSelected
      ? "bg-primary text-white shadow-md"
      : "bg-white text-primary border border-primary/20"
  )}
>
  Subscribe
</button>


Make sure there is a single source of truth for the selected option per plan ('subscription' | 'one-time'), and the price text below the toggle updates live when this state changes.

2. Change button to “Add to Cart” and use the cart instead of direct checkout

I want the Pup Box behavior to match a normal e-commerce flow:

The toggle chooses the plan (Subscribe vs One-Time).

The button adds that choice to the shopping cart, not directly to Stripe checkout.

Please do this:

Rename the button text on each Pup Box card:

From: "Select Plan"

To: "Add to Cart"

Reuse the existing cart logic from the Store tab.

Find wherever Store products use an “Add” button (on /marketplace → Store tab).

Identify the function/hook used there (e.g. something like addToCart, useCartStore, cartContext, etc.).

Use that same cart API inside the Pup Box component instead of calling the Stripe checkout mutation directly.

Add the correct Pup Box item to the cart, including:

Plan size: Small / Medium / Large.

Billing type: 'subscription' or 'one-time' (based on the toggle).

Display name (e.g. "Small Pup Box (Subscription)" vs "Small Pup Box (One-Time)").

Price info:

Use the same numeric prices already configured for each size and option.

Stripe reference:

Keep the existing mapping from size + billing type to Stripe price/product IDs (e.g. a config object like PUP_BOX_PRODUCTS).

Include the Stripe price ID in the cart item so the checkout page can decide whether to run a subscription or one-time checkout when the user clicks “Checkout” later.

Behavior when clicking “Add to Cart”:

If the current store/cart flow requires login before adding, mirror that behavior (e.g. show the same auth toast or redirect).

If store products allow adding to cart while logged out, do the same here.

In all cases: do not immediately open Stripe from this button anymore.

Remove or bypass the old checkout mutation for this button.

Wherever you currently call something like checkoutMutation.mutate(productId) inside the Pup Box button handler, replace it with the addToCart logic.

The Stripe checkout should only be triggered later from the cart/checkout page, exactly the same as for Store products.

Copy update

Update the helper text above the cards (currently referencing “Click Select Plan to choose between monthly or one-time”) to match the new UX. For example:

“Choose Subscribe or One-Time on each box, then click Add to Cart. You can review everything and check out from your cart when you’re ready.”

Acceptance criteria

On the Pup Box tab:

The selected toggle segment is clearly blue with white text; the other is white with blue text and a border.

The live price text under the toggle updates when switching between Subscribe and One-Time.

The button reads “Add to Cart” on all three cards.

Clicking “Add to Cart”:

Uses the same cart mechanism as the Store tab.

Adds an item that includes size, billing type, price, and Stripe price ID.

No Stripe checkout modal/page opens immediately from the Pup Box tab.

The cart/checkout page can still handle these Pup Box items correctly using the stored Stripe IDs.

Any existing auth gating (if required before adding to cart) matches the Store product behavior.

Finally, please show me:

The updated JSX snippet for one Pup Box card (Small) with the toggle, price, and “Add to Cart” button.

A brief summary of how the Pup Box addToCart integration mirrors the Store tab’s add-to-cart logic.