Replit said it changed the hero text

But visually… the headline is still:

Too small

Too thin

Not dominant enough

Subtitle still competing too much

So either:

The changes were applied to the wrong component (Home instead of Greeting), or

There’s another CSS override still winning, or

The mobile breakpoint classes didn’t actually attach to the correct elements.

We’re very close — the layout is correct, buttons are locked, now we just need to force the hero typography properly.

🔴 IMPORTANT DIAGNOSIS

Look at your screen:

“Find Your Perfect” is still small

“Puppy Companion” is not visually dominant enough

Subtitle is still almost same visual weight

This means:

❌ The mobile-only hero text change did NOT successfully apply to the Greeting hero <h1>

So we need to directly target the exact JSX that renders this text and hard-lock the mobile sizes.

✅ THIS IS THE CORRECT, FINAL FIX (VERY SAFE)

Paste this EXACT prompt into Replit:

🔵 FORCE MOBILE HERO HEADLINE TYPOGRAPHY ON GREETING PAGE (LOCK DESIGN)

The mobile hero headline styling on the Greeting page is not applying correctly. Directly update the Greeting page hero JSX and Tailwind classes so the mobile layout matches a proper marketing “hook” design.

Tasks:

Locate the Greeting page component that renders:
“Find Your Perfect”
“Puppy Companion”
and the subtitle text below.

Modify ONLY this hero block (do not touch other pages).

Apply these exact responsive styles:

For the main headline container:

On mobile (<640px):

Font size: 42–46px

Font weight: 800 (extra-bold)

Line height: tight (leading-tight or ~1.1)

Center aligned

Force line break so it always renders as:

Find Your Perfect
Puppy Companion

For desktop:

Keep current desktop size unchanged.

Styling rules:

“Find Your Perfect” → dark navy / text-slate-900

“Puppy Companion” → brand blue #0074D4

Add slight letter spacing tightening on mobile (tracking-tight)

Subtitle text:

Mobile font size: 17–18px

Line height relaxed (leading-relaxed)

Max width ~90%

Centered under headline

Spacing:

Add more spacing between:

Headline → subtitle

Subtitle → CTA buttons

Lock scope:

Modify ONLY the Greeting page hero text JSX

Do NOT use global CSS overrides

Do NOT touch buttons, layout, or other pages

Acceptance:

On mobile, the hero headline must be:

The largest visual element on the page

Immediately dominant when the page loads

Clearly readable and balanced

Feel like a proper marketing “hook” headline

🧠 WHY THIS WILL FIX IT

This forces Replit to:

Go into the actual Greeting.tsx / Home.tsx hero JSX

Apply Tailwind classes like:

<h1 className="text-[44px] font-extrabold leading-tight tracking-tight sm:text-6xl">


Instead of trying to patch CSS files that are currently fighting each other.

Right now your project has too many CSS overrides, so only JSX-level Tailwind will reliably win.

🔍 AFTER IT RUNS — WHAT I WANT YOU TO CHECK

When it finishes, look only at MOBILE and tell me:

Is “Puppy Companion” now clearly the biggest element?

Does the headline break cleanly into 2 lines?

Does it feel like the first thing your eye sees?

Is the subtitle clearly secondary (not competing)?

If you can, send me one more mobile screenshot.