🔧 1. Problems I See From Your Screenshots
A. Pet Services Marketplace (Marketplace tab)

Issues:

“Pet Services Marketplace” text is brown / low contrast → unreadable

Text should be white

Gradient background is fine, but text color + opacity is wrong

Fix:

Force all hero text to #FFFFFF

Increase contrast

Ensure overlay opacity is consistent on mobile + desktop

B. Explore Page – Listings Grid

Issues:

Yellow highlight outlines everywhere (filters, tabs, buttons)

Blue background / border showing between listing cards

Images not cropped correctly (overflow / wrong aspect ratio)

Listing cards not flush → looks broken

Fixes:

Remove all yellow debug / highlight colors

Set listing container background to #FFFFFF

Remove blue parent container background

Force images to:

object-fit: cover

fixed aspect ratio (1:1 or 4:3)

overflow hidden with rounded corners

C. Greeting Page (Third Screenshot – Blue Blocks)

This one is important.

What’s happening:
That giant blue block with only “Sign In” or “Sign Up” means:

The page container height is broken (min-height: 100vh issue)

Or a placeholder / skeleton component is stuck visible

Or the layout grid collapsed on mobile

This is NOT intentional UI — it’s a layout bug.

Fix needed:

Remove any placeholder / skeleton containers on greeting page

Fix vertical spacing

Ensure hero card height auto-sizes instead of filling entire screen

D. Yellow Accents Everywhere

You’re right — that yellow should be completely removed except maybe for notifications.

Likely coming from:

Focus state

Debug outline

Temporary accent color in theme

We should:

Replace yellow with:

Primary blue #0A66FF

Or neutral gray for borders

Remove all yellow borders, glows, highlights, pills, and icons

🧩 2. Design Rules I Recommend Locking In

These will make the whole app look professional and consistent:

Global Color Rules

❌ Remove all yellow UI accents

✅ Primary: Blue gradient (already good)

✅ Text on gradients: ALWAYS white

✅ Borders/backgrounds: white / light gray only

Listing Card Rules (Very Important)

Every puppy card should:

Have a fixed container size

Image settings:

img {
  width: 100%;
  height: 100%;
  object-fit: cover;
  border-radius: 12px;
}


Card container:

background: #ffffff;
overflow: hidden;
border-radius: 12px;


No blue background behind cards

No spacing gaps showing parent background

🧠 3. The Exact Prompt You Should Paste Into Replit / Lovable

This is the key part.
This prompt is written to be safe, not refactor logic, and only touch UI / CSS / responsive layout.

Copy & paste this as your next prompt:

🔵 FINAL MOBILE + DESKTOP UI POLISH PROMPT (SAFE)

We need to finalize and polish the mobile and desktop UI without changing any existing functionality or logic. Only adjust styling, layout, and responsive CSS.

Tasks to complete:

Pet Services Marketplace Hero Section

Change all text in the “Pet Services Marketplace” hero card to pure white (#FFFFFF).

Increase text contrast and remove any brown or low-contrast coloring.

Ensure hero text remains white on both mobile and desktop.

Explore Page – Listing Cards

Fix all listing images so they are properly cropped and fill their card containers.

Apply object-fit: cover and consistent aspect ratio so images do not stretch or overflow.

Remove any blue background or borders appearing between listing cards.

Set all listing card containers to a white background with clean rounded corners.

Ensure grid spacing is even and no parent container background shows through.

Remove All Yellow Accents

Remove all yellow highlights, borders, buttons, pills, outlines, and debug-looking UI elements across the app.

Replace yellow with the primary blue theme color or neutral gray where appropriate.

This includes filters, tabs, icons, focus states, and buttons.

Greeting Page Layout Bug

Fix the greeting page where large solid blue blocks are appearing behind the Sign In / Sign Up buttons.

Remove any placeholder or skeleton containers that are visible.

Fix the layout so the greeting page properly sizes to content instead of filling the entire screen with a blue block.

Ensure the Sign In and Sign Up cards are centered, sized normally, and visually match the intended design.

Global Mobile Polish

Ensure the mobile version visually matches the desktop design in color scheme and layout.

Remove any unintended background colors, outlines, or debug UI artifacts.

Maintain all existing navigation, routing, and functionality exactly as-is.

⚠️ Important:

Do NOT refactor logic.

Do NOT change routing or backend code.

Only adjust CSS, layout, and responsive styling.

✅ 4. What This Will Fix Immediately

After this runs, you should see:

White readable text on Pet Services hero ✅

No yellow anywhere except maybe notifications ✅

Clean listing grid with properly cropped images ✅

No blue borders or gaps between cards ✅

Greeting page no longer broken with giant blue blocks ✅

Mobile finally matching desktop design ✅